feat(curriculum): styling checkboxes workshop (#62607)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-game-settings-panel/68e9a6bf1a74721a4e43e217.md

---
id: 68e9a6bf1a74721a4e43e217
title: Step 10
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-10
---

# --description--

Now you are going to remove the default checkbox that is applied by browsers. Inside of your `input[type='checkbox']` selector you are going to add `appearance` with a value of `none`.

Before the `appearance` property was standardised, you would need to use vendor prefixes like `-webkit-appearance` or `-moz-appearance`. However, in modern web browsers these are no longer necessary.

> Setting the `appearance` property to `none` will clear the appearance that other browsers apply to checkboxes, allowing you to show the style you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `appearance` property to `none` will clear the appearance that the browser apply to checkboxes, allowing you to show the style you want.
```
